Zhang Yining's husband, right?
Look at your wife's virtue
Still looking for a man outside
Yunting, how is it you?
How am I?
Are you disappointed?
Nope.
Hey, hey, hey.
Say who is behind the scenes
It's none of my business, Mr. Gu
I married the vice president and supported me to do this.
He said he would pay me 10 million when he was done
Don't talk nonsense
It's obviously your intention
Don't be bloody, you are talking nonsense, Mr. Gu
What's up?
Xu Jiao is suspected of committing a crime
Take him directly to the judiciary
It's stop, you can't do this without me
My mom won't let you go
OK, then I'll ask your mother to take you there herself
Xiao Xu brought back the recruiters
As for this man
Directly into the labor force
Get someone to beat him up every day
Don't care
Mr. Gu, Mr. Gu, I was wrong, I was wrong